# CS-433: Machine Learning Fall 2022, Project 1 
- Team Name: Los_Caballeros_De_Bogota
- Team Member:
    1. Lelièvre Maxime, **SCIPER: 296777** (maxime.lelievre@epfl.ch)
    2. Peduto Matteo, **SCIPER: 316194** (matteo.peduto@epfl.ch)
    3. Mery Tom, **SCIPER: 297217** (tom.mery@epfl.ch)

* [Getting started](#getting-started)
    * [Project description](#project-description)
    * [Data](#data)
    * [Report](#report)
* [Reproduce results](#reproduce-results)
    * [Requirements](#Requirements)
    * [Repo Architecture](#repo-architecture)
    * [Instructions to run](#instructions-to-run)
* [Results](#results)

# Getting started
## Project description
## Data
## Report
# Reproduce results
## Requirements
- Python==3.9.13
- Numpy==1.21.5
- Matplotlib

## Repo Architecture
<pre>  
├─── data
    ├─── submission.csv: File generated by run.py. Contains predictions of sample from test.csv. 
    ├─── test.csv: File containing samples to be predicted.
    ├─── train.csv: File with labeled sample using for training.
├─── notebooks
    ├─── data_analysis.ipynb: Exploratory data analysis notebooks. Helps to visualize distributions of features.
    ├─── experiments.ipynb: Notebooks assessing performance of very basics models.
├─── references
    ├─── project1_description.pdf: Original description of the project provided by EPFL.
    ├─── The_Higgs_boson_ML_challenge: Reference used to understand features of the dataset.
├─── src
    ├─── __init__.py: File to define src directory as a python package
    ├─── best_params.pkl: File generated by optimization.py. Contains best degree and lambda_ for each sub-models. This file is loaded in run.py.
    ├─── data_processing.py: File containing implementations to process the raw data.
    ├─── helpers.py: File provided by EPFL containing methods to load the data and create submissions for aircrowd.
    ├─── model.py: File containing definition of the class Model
    ├─── utils.py: File containing useful function for computing and visualization purpose.
├─── implementations.py: File containing basics ML implementations asked in the project description.
├─── optimization.py: File used to optimize parameters. Performs cross-validation and saved best parameters in best_params.pkl. 
├─── README.md: README
├─── report.pdf: Report explaining choices that has been made.
└─── run.py: File that load the dataset, trains models with parameters in best_params.pkl and generate submissison.csv.
</pre>

## Instructions to run 

# Results